docs: Add warning and clarify named form access via document.formName(#39891) (#40001)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/document/index.md

  - : Sets or gets the title of the current document.
- {{DOMxRef("Document.URL")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : Returns the document location as a string.
- Named properties
  - : Some elements in the document are also exposed as properties:

>     - For each {{HTMLElement("embed")}}, {{HTMLElement("form")}}, {{HTMLElement("iframe")}}, {{HTMLElement("img")}}, and {{HTMLElement("object")}} element, its `name` (if non-empty) is exposed. For example, if the document contains `<form name="my-form">`, then `document["my-form"]` returns a reference to that element.

Reviewer: @Josh-Cena In response to https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/40001/files#r2170382894 below, clearly I didn't "get it" or I wouldn't have asked the question.

This would have let me "get it" (assuming correct):

```suggestion
    - For each {{HTMLElement("embed")}}, {{HTMLElement("form")}}, {{HTMLElement("iframe")}}, {{HTMLElement("img")}}, and {{HTMLElement("object")}} element, its `name` (if non-empty) is exposed.
      For example, if the document contains `<form name="my-form">`, then `document["my-form"]` and `document.my-form` both return a reference to that element. 
```

Reviewer 2: `my-form` is not an identifier so `document.my-form` means `document.my - form`. The `[""]` and `.` syntaxes are exactly equivalent otherwise. I don't think we need to explain JS syntax here though. If one wants to, they can use `["foo"]` all the time.

Reviewer: I've updated the suggestion to use `my_form` so this works.
My preference is that we show both options unless it is actually wrong.
Yes, this might be obvious to most, but its only a few characters and removes ambiguity.

Reviewer 2: ok, I'm good with that. Just need to sync this with `window`.

>     - For each {{HTMLElement("object")}} element, its `id` (if non-empty) is exposed.

Reviewer 2: It's the exact same idea as the `name` bullet, so I didn't feel the need to repeat an example. Both `<object id="foo">` and `<form name="foo">` can be accessed via `document.foo`

  - : Sets or gets the title of the current document.
- {{DOMxRef("Document.URL")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : Returns the document location as a string.
- Named properties
  - : Some elements in the document are also exposed as properties:
    - For each {{HTMLElement("embed")}}, {{HTMLElement("form")}}, {{HTMLElement("iframe")}}, {{HTMLElement("img")}}, and {{HTMLElement("object")}} element, its `name` (if non-empty) is exposed.

>       For example, if the document contains `<form name="my_form">`, then `document["my_form"]` and `document.my_form` both return a reference to that element.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      For example, if the document contains `<form name="my_form">`, then `document["my_form"]` (and its equivalent `document.my_form`) returns a reference to that element.
```

Reviewer: Sure :-)
